# REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ProductId** | **int64** | Product id. You can see the Products section for the product id. Note: productId type auto convert merchant code does not support creating cover links. | 
**ProductPriceId** | **int64** | Product price id. Each product will have 1 or more denomination codes corresponding to the value or converted product size. | 
**Quantity** | **int64** | Number of vouchers to be issued | 
**OrderName** | **string** | Please don&#39;t use the voucher recipient or the content changes daily or frequently. Owl French: Customers specified name + [Month] + [Year] Example: Got It Promotion - Jul 2019 | 
**ExpiryDate** | **string** | Voucher expiration date. Syntax &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;. The expiration date is specified specified in the contract between the partner and Got It, usually 3 months from the release date, maximum 12 months. | 
**TransactionRefId** | **string** | Transaction code receive from the customer request, used for comparison and reconciliation. If the transaction fails, after 5 mintegerues, you can use this transmitted transactionRefID to request again. Maximum 255 characters. Format of transactionRefId: prefix + &#39;_&#39; + character string In which: + prefix: string of 06 integer characters provided by Got It. + character string: string actively generated by clients Example: prefix: &#39;000742&#39; character string: &#39;20220126-6f823f2e&#39; &#x3D;&gt; transactionRefId: &#39;000742_20220126-6f823f2e&#39; | 
**UseOtp** | Pointer to **int64** | &#x3D; 1 if the end user is required to enter a password to view the voucher. Example: 1 | [optional] 
**OtpType** | Pointer to **int64** | &#x3D; 1 if OTP is sent via phone number; &#x3D; 7 if OTP is sent via email; &#x3D; 8 if password Password is a fixed number - passed in param &#39;password&#39; For example: 1 | [optional] 
**Password** | Pointer to **string** | Fixed password (corresponding to otp_type&#x3D;8 passed in parram &#39;otp_type&#39;. For otp_type &#x3D; 1 or 7 do not need to be passed integero this field). Format requirement: 6 consecutive integer characters Example: &#39;325243&#39; | [optional] 
**ReceiverName** | Pointer to **string** | Voucher recipient name Example: Son Tran | [optional] 
**Phone** | Pointer to **string** | Phone number to receive the voucher. This is only the step to identify the phone number that will receive the voucher. This step has not been completed yet. Sending vouchers, sending vouchers via SMS will be a separate API section. This phone number is also used to receive OTP when the end-user opens the voucher link, respectively otp_type &#x3D; 1. Request format: 10 consecutive integer characters. For example: 0909xxxxxx | [optional] 
**Email** | Pointer to **string** | Email to receive the voucher. This is just the step to identify the email address that will receive the voucher. This step does not include sending the voucher, sending the voucher via email will be a separate API section. This email address is also used to receive OTP when the end-user opens the voucher link, corresponding to otp_type &#x3D; 7 . For example: son.tran@ dayone.vn | [optional] 
**Signature** | Pointer to **string** | RSA encryption, used for client authentication | [optional] 
**ActiveDate** | Pointer to **string** | Voucher validity start date, validity date must be greater than issue date. Format: &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;. Note: before this date, the voucher will be in Inactive status and cannot be used. | [optional] 
**IsConvertToCoverLink** | Pointer to **int64** | Type of voucher link to be issued: If &#x3D; 0 (default): Create voucher link. If &#x3D; 1: Create cover link for voucher link. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV

`func NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV(productId int64, productPriceId int64, quantity int64, orderName string, expiryDate string, transactionRefId string, ) *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV`

NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV instantiates a new REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKVWithDefaults

`func NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKVWithDefaults() *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV`

NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKVWithDefaults instantiates a new REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetProductId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetProductId() int64`

GetProductId returns the ProductId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProductIdOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetProductIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetProductIdOk returns a tuple with the ProductId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProductId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetProductId(v int64)`

SetProductId sets ProductId field to given value.


### GetProductPriceId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetProductPriceId() int64`

GetProductPriceId returns the ProductPriceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProductPriceIdOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetProductPriceIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetProductPriceIdOk returns a tuple with the ProductPriceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProductPriceId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetProductPriceId(v int64)`

SetProductPriceId sets ProductPriceId field to given value.


### GetQuantity

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetQuantity() int64`

GetQuantity returns the Quantity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuantityOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetQuantityOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetQuantityOk returns a tuple with the Quantity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuantity

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetQuantity(v int64)`

SetQuantity sets Quantity field to given value.


### GetOrderName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetOrderName() string`

GetOrderName returns the OrderName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOrderNameOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetOrderNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOrderNameOk returns a tuple with the OrderName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOrderName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetOrderName(v string)`

SetOrderName sets OrderName field to given value.


### GetExpiryDate

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetExpiryDate() string`

GetExpiryDate returns the ExpiryDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiryDateOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetExpiryDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExpiryDateOk returns a tuple with the ExpiryDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiryDate

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetExpiryDate(v string)`

SetExpiryDate sets ExpiryDate field to given value.


### GetTransactionRefId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetTransactionRefId() string`

GetTransactionRefId returns the TransactionRefId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransactionRefIdOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetTransactionRefIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTransactionRefIdOk returns a tuple with the TransactionRefId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransactionRefId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetTransactionRefId(v string)`

SetTransactionRefId sets TransactionRefId field to given value.


### GetUseOtp

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetUseOtp() int64`

GetUseOtp returns the UseOtp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUseOtpOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetUseOtpOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetUseOtpOk returns a tuple with the UseOtp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUseOtp

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetUseOtp(v int64)`

SetUseOtp sets UseOtp field to given value.

### HasUseOtp

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasUseOtp() bool`

HasUseOtp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOtpType

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetOtpType() int64`

GetOtpType returns the OtpType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOtpTypeOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetOtpTypeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetOtpTypeOk returns a tuple with the OtpType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOtpType

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetOtpType(v int64)`

SetOtpType sets OtpType field to given value.

### HasOtpType

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasOtpType() bool`

HasOtpType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPassword

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetPassword() string`

GetPassword returns the Password field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPasswordOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetPasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPasswordOk returns a tuple with the Password field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPassword

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetPassword(v string)`

SetPassword sets Password field to given value.

### HasPassword

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasPassword() bool`

HasPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReceiverName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetReceiverName() string`

GetReceiverName returns the ReceiverName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReceiverNameOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetReceiverNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReceiverNameOk returns a tuple with the ReceiverName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReceiverName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetReceiverName(v string)`

SetReceiverName sets ReceiverName field to given value.

### HasReceiverName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasReceiverName() bool`

HasReceiverName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPhone

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetPhone() string`

GetPhone returns the Phone field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPhoneOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetPhoneOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPhoneOk returns a tuple with the Phone field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPhone

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetPhone(v string)`

SetPhone sets Phone field to given value.

### HasPhone

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasPhone() bool`

HasPhone returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEmail

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetEmail() string`

GetEmail returns the Email field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmailOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetEmailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEmailOk returns a tuple with the Email field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmail

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetEmail(v string)`

SetEmail sets Email field to given value.

### HasEmail

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasEmail() bool`

HasEmail returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignature

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetSignature() string`

GetSignature returns the Signature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetSignatureOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignatureOk returns a tuple with the Signature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignature

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetSignature(v string)`

SetSignature sets Signature field to given value.

### HasSignature

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasSignature() bool`

HasSignature returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActiveDate

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetActiveDate() string`

GetActiveDate returns the ActiveDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActiveDateOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetActiveDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActiveDateOk returns a tuple with the ActiveDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActiveDate

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetActiveDate(v string)`

SetActiveDate sets ActiveDate field to given value.

### HasActiveDate

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasActiveDate() bool`

HasActiveDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsConvertToCoverLink

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetIsConvertToCoverLink() int64`

GetIsConvertToCoverLink returns the IsConvertToCoverLink field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsConvertToCoverLinkOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) GetIsConvertToCoverLinkOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetIsConvertToCoverLinkOk returns a tuple with the IsConvertToCoverLink field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsConvertToCoverLink

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) SetIsConvertToCoverLink(v int64)`

SetIsConvertToCoverLink sets IsConvertToCoverLink field to given value.

### HasIsConvertToCoverLink

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV) HasIsConvertToCoverLink() bool`

HasIsConvertToCoverLink returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


