# REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**OrderName** | **string** | Please don&#39;t use the voucher recipient or the content changes daily or frequently. Owl French: Customers specified name + [Month] + [Year] Example: Got It Promotion - Jul 2019 | 
**TransactionRefId** | **string** | Transaction code receive from the customer request, used for comparison and reconciliation. If the transaction fails, after 5 mintegerues, you can use this transmitted transactionRefID to request again. Maximum 255 characters. Format of transactionRefId: prefix + &#39;_&#39; + character string In which: + prefix: string of 06 integer characters provided by Got It. + character string: string actively generated by clients Example: prefix: &#39;000742&#39; character string: &#39;20220126-6f823f2e&#39; &#x3D;&gt; transactionRefId: &#39;000742_20220126-6f823f2e&#39; | 
**Amount** | **int64** | + Voucher value. Ensures the following conditions: + Is a multiple of 1000 + Is within the price range minimum - maximum value that the partner and Got It have agreed upon. | 
**ExpiryDate** | **string** | Voucher expiration date. Syntax &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;. The expiration date is specified specified in the contract between the partner and Got It, usually 3 months from the release date, maximum 12 months. | 
**ProductId** | Pointer to **int64** | + Product code. Specify the template displayed on the voucher (list of Categories and Brands). + If no transmission will use Got It&#39;s default productId | [optional] 
**UseOtp** | **int64** | &#x3D; 1 if the end user is required to enter a password to view the voucher. Example: 1 | 
**OtpType** | Pointer to **int64** | &#x3D; 1 if OTP is sent via phone number; &#x3D; 7 if OTP is sent via email; &#x3D; 8 if password Password is a fixed number - passed in param &#39;password&#39; For example: 1 | [optional] 
**Password** | Pointer to **string** | Fixed password (corresponding to otp_type&#x3D;8 passed in parram &#39;otp_type&#39;. For otp_type &#x3D; 1 or 7 do not need to be passed integero this field). Format requirement: 6 consecutive integer characters Example: &#39;325243&#39; | [optional] 
**ReceiverName** | Pointer to **string** | Voucher recipient name Example: Son Tran | [optional] 
**Phone** | Pointer to **string** | Phone number to receive the voucher. This is only the step to identify the phone number that will receive the voucher. This step has not been completed yet. Sending vouchers, sending vouchers via SMS will be a separate API section. This phone number is also used to receive OTP when the end-user opens the voucher link, respectively otp_type &#x3D; 1. Request format: 10 consecutive integer characters. For example: 0909xxxxxx | [optional] 
**Email** | Pointer to **string** | Email to receive the voucher. This is just the step to identify the email address that will receive the voucher. This step does not include sending the voucher, sending the voucher via email will be a separate API section. This email address is also used to receive OTP when the end-user opens the voucher link, corresponding to otp_type &#x3D; 7 . For example: son.tran@ dayone.vn | [optional] 
**Signature** | **string** | RSA encryption, used for client authentication | 

## Methods

### NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE

`func NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE(orderName string, transactionRefId string, amount int64, expiryDate string, useOtp int64, signature string, ) *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE`

NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE instantiates a new REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKEWithDefaults

`func NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKEWithDefaults() *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE`

NewREQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKEWithDefaults instantiates a new REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetOrderName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetOrderName() string`

GetOrderName returns the OrderName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOrderNameOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetOrderNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOrderNameOk returns a tuple with the OrderName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOrderName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetOrderName(v string)`

SetOrderName sets OrderName field to given value.


### GetTransactionRefId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetTransactionRefId() string`

GetTransactionRefId returns the TransactionRefId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransactionRefIdOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetTransactionRefIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTransactionRefIdOk returns a tuple with the TransactionRefId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransactionRefId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetTransactionRefId(v string)`

SetTransactionRefId sets TransactionRefId field to given value.


### GetAmount

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetAmount() int64`

GetAmount returns the Amount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetAmountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAmountOk returns a tuple with the Amount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmount

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetAmount(v int64)`

SetAmount sets Amount field to given value.


### GetExpiryDate

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetExpiryDate() string`

GetExpiryDate returns the ExpiryDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiryDateOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetExpiryDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExpiryDateOk returns a tuple with the ExpiryDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiryDate

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetExpiryDate(v string)`

SetExpiryDate sets ExpiryDate field to given value.


### GetProductId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetProductId() int64`

GetProductId returns the ProductId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProductIdOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetProductIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetProductIdOk returns a tuple with the ProductId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProductId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetProductId(v int64)`

SetProductId sets ProductId field to given value.

### HasProductId

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) HasProductId() bool`

HasProductId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUseOtp

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetUseOtp() int64`

GetUseOtp returns the UseOtp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUseOtpOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetUseOtpOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetUseOtpOk returns a tuple with the UseOtp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUseOtp

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetUseOtp(v int64)`

SetUseOtp sets UseOtp field to given value.


### GetOtpType

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetOtpType() int64`

GetOtpType returns the OtpType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOtpTypeOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetOtpTypeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetOtpTypeOk returns a tuple with the OtpType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOtpType

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetOtpType(v int64)`

SetOtpType sets OtpType field to given value.

### HasOtpType

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) HasOtpType() bool`

HasOtpType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPassword

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetPassword() string`

GetPassword returns the Password field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPasswordOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetPasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPasswordOk returns a tuple with the Password field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPassword

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetPassword(v string)`

SetPassword sets Password field to given value.

### HasPassword

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) HasPassword() bool`

HasPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReceiverName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetReceiverName() string`

GetReceiverName returns the ReceiverName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReceiverNameOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetReceiverNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReceiverNameOk returns a tuple with the ReceiverName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReceiverName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetReceiverName(v string)`

SetReceiverName sets ReceiverName field to given value.

### HasReceiverName

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) HasReceiverName() bool`

HasReceiverName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPhone

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetPhone() string`

GetPhone returns the Phone field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPhoneOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetPhoneOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPhoneOk returns a tuple with the Phone field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPhone

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetPhone(v string)`

SetPhone sets Phone field to given value.

### HasPhone

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) HasPhone() bool`

HasPhone returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEmail

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetEmail() string`

GetEmail returns the Email field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmailOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetEmailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEmailOk returns a tuple with the Email field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmail

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetEmail(v string)`

SetEmail sets Email field to given value.

### HasEmail

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) HasEmail() bool`

HasEmail returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignature

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetSignature() string`

GetSignature returns the Signature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureOk

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) GetSignatureOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignatureOk returns a tuple with the Signature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignature

`func (o *REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE) SetSignature(v string)`

SetSignature sets Signature field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


